//c.alpha.core.BoolAssignment	ScanBuild	alpha.core.BoolAssignment/Assignment of a non-Boolean value
//c.alpha.core.CastSize	ScanBuild	alpha.core.CastSize/Cast region with wrong size.
//c.alpha.core.CastToStruct	ScanBuild	alpha.core.CastToStruct
//c.alpha.core.FixedAddr	ScanBuild	alpha.core.FixedAddr/Use fixed address
//c.alpha.core.IdenticalExpr	ScanBuild	alpha.core.IdenticalExpr
//c.alpha.core.PointerArithm	ScanBuild	alpha.core.PointerArithm
//c.alpha.core.PointerSub	ScanBuild	alpha.core.PointerSub
//c.alpha.core.SizeofPtr	ScanBuild	alpha.core.SizeofPtr
//c.alpha.cplusplus.NewDeleteLeaks	ScanBuild	alpha.cplusplus.NewDeleteLeaks
//c.alpha.cplusplus.VirtualCall	ScanBuild	alpha.cplusplus.VirtualCall
//c.alpha.deadcode.IdempotentOperations	ScanBuild	alpha.deadcode.IdempotentOperations
//c.alpha.deadcode.UnreachableCode	ScanBuild	alpha.deadcode.UnreachableCode
//c.alpha.osx.cocoa.Dealloc	ScanBuild	alpha.osx.cocoa.Dealloc/Missing ivar release (leak)
//c.alpha.osx.cocoa.DirectIvarAssignment	ScanBuild	alpha.osx.cocoa.DirectIvarAssignment
//c.alpha.osx.cocoa.DirectIvarAssignmentForAnnotatedFunctions	ScanBuild	alpha.osx.cocoa.DirectIvarAssignmentForAnnotatedFunctions
//c.alpha.osx.cocoa.InstanceVariableInvalidation	ScanBuild	alpha.osx.cocoa.InstanceVariableInvalidation
//c.alpha.osx.cocoa.MissingInvalidationMethod	ScanBuild	alpha.osx.cocoa.MissingInvalidationMethod
//c.alpha.osx.cocoa.MissingSuperCall	ScanBuild	alpha.osx.cocoa.MissingSuperCall
//c.alpha.unix.Chroot	ScanBuild	alpha.unix.Chroot
//c.alpha.unix.MallocWithAnnotations	ScanBuild	alpha.unix.MallocWithAnnotations
//c.alpha.unix.PthreadLock	ScanBuild	alpha.unix.PthreadLock/Double locking
//c.alpha.unix.SimpleStream	ScanBuild	alpha.unix.SimpleStream/Double fclose
//c.alpha.unix.Stream	ScanBuild	alpha.unix.Stream/Resource Leak
//c.alpha.unix.cstring.BufferOverlap	ScanBuild	alpha.unix.cstring.BufferOverlap
//c.alpha.unix.cstring.NotNullTerminated	ScanBuild	alpha.unix.cstring.NotNullTerminated
//c.alpha.unix.cstring.OutOfBounds	ScanBuild	alpha.unix.cstring.OutOfBounds
c.core.CallAndMessage	ScanBuild	core.CallAndMessage/Called function pointer is an uninitialized pointer value
c.core.DivideZero	ScanBuild	core.DivideZero/Division by zero
c.core.DynamicTypePropagation	ScanBuild	core.DynamicTypePropagation/Dynamic and static type mismatch
c.core.NonNullParamChecker	ScanBuild	core.NonNullParamChecker/Null pointer passed as an argument to a 'nonnull' parameter
c.core.NullDereference	ScanBuild	core.NullDereference/Dereference of null pointer
c.core.StackAddressEscape	ScanBuild	core.StackAddressEscape/Return of address to stack-allocated memory
c.core.UndefinedBinaryOperatorResult	ScanBuild	core.UndefinedBinaryOperatorResult/Result of operation is garbage or undefined
c.core.VLASize	ScanBuild	core.VLASize/Dangerous variable-length array (VLA) declaration
c.core.builtin.BuiltinFunctions	ScanBuild	core.builtin.BuiltinFunctions
c.core.builtin.NoReturnFunctions	ScanBuild	core.builtin.NoReturnFunctions
c.core.uninitialized.ArraySubscript	ScanBuild	core.uninitialized.ArraySubscript/Array subscript is undefined
c.core.uninitialized.Assign	ScanBuild	core.uninitialized.Assign
c.core.uninitialized.Branch	ScanBuild	core.uninitialized.Branch/Branch condition evaluates to a garbage value
c.core.uninitialized.CapturedBlockVariable	ScanBuild	core.uninitialized.CapturedBlockVariable/uninitialized variable captured by block
c.core.uninitialized.UndefReturn	ScanBuild	core.uninitialized.UndefReturn/Garbage return value
c.cplusplus.NewDelete	ScanBuild	cplusplus.NewDelete
c.deadcode.DeadStores	ScanBuild	deadcode.DeadStores
//c.debug.ConfigDumper	ScanBuild	debug.ConfigDumper
//c.debug.DumpCFG	ScanBuild	debug.DumpCFG
//c.debug.DumpCallGraph	ScanBuild	debug.DumpCallGraph
//c.debug.DumpCalls	ScanBuild	debug.DumpCalls
//c.debug.DumpDominators	ScanBuild	debug.DumpDominators
//c.debug.DumpLiveVars	ScanBuild	debug.DumpLiveVars
//c.debug.DumpTraversal	ScanBuild	debug.DumpTraversal
//c.debug.ExprInspection	ScanBuild	debug.ExprInspection
//c.debug.Stats	ScanBuild	debug.Stats
//c.debug.TaintTest	ScanBuild	debug.TaintTest
//c.debug.ViewCFG	ScanBuild	debug.ViewCFG
//c.debug.ViewCallGraph	ScanBuild	debug.ViewCallGraph
//c.debug.ViewExplodedGraph	ScanBuild	debug.ViewExplodedGraph
//c.llvm.Conventions	ScanBuild	llvm.Conventions
//c.osx.API	ScanBuild	osx.API/API
//c.osx.SecKeychainAPI	ScanBuild	osx.SecKeychainAPI
//c.osx.cocoa.AtSync	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.AtSync/Nil value used as mutex for @synchronized() 
//c.osx.cocoa.ClassRelease	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.ClassRelease
//c.osx.cocoa.IncompatibleMethodTypes	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.IncompatibleMethodTypes
//c.osx.cocoa.Loops	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.Loops
//c.osx.cocoa.NSAutoreleasePool	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.NSAutoreleasePool/Use -drain instead of -release
//c.osx.cocoa.NSError	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.NSError
//c.osx.cocoa.NilArg	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.NilArg
//c.osx.cocoa.NonNilReturnValue	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.NonNilReturnValue
//c.osx.cocoa.RetainCount	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.RetainCount
//c.osx.cocoa.SelfInit	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.SelfInit/Missing
//c.osx.cocoa.UnusedIvars	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.UnusedIvars
//c.osx.cocoa.VariadicMethodTypes	ScanBuild	osx.cocoa.VariadicMethodTypes
//c.osx.coreFoundation.CFError	ScanBuild	osx.coreFoundation.CFError
//c.osx.coreFoundation.CFNumber	ScanBuild	osx.coreFoundation.CFNumber
//c.osx.coreFoundation.CFRetainRelease	ScanBuild	osx.coreFoundation.CFRetainRelease
//c.osx.coreFoundation.containers.OutOfBounds	ScanBuild	osx.coreFoundation.containers.OutOfBounds
//c.osx.coreFoundation.containers.PointerSizedValues	ScanBuild	osx.coreFoundation.containers.PointerSizedValues
c.unix.API	ScanBuild	unix.API
c.unix.Malloc	ScanBuild	unix.Malloc/Memory leak
c.unix.MallocSizeof	ScanBuild	unix.MallocSizeof
c.unix.MismatchedDeallocator	ScanBuild	unix.MismatchedDeallocator
c.unix.cstring.BadSizeArg	ScanBuild	unix.cstring.BadSizeArg
c.unix.cstring.NullArg	ScanBuild	unix.cstring.NullArg/Nullability
